right I see yes and the first we gonna
think well this is so
I concentrate on keeping life back
straight one of you is very easy to lose
so the function is less comfortable
maybe in our favorite will cutting
professor my first goal well property
safe but now is really quite fun fix the
initial minute so can we lessen our
thirty seconds so commanders forward
like the where you have this
Ridge here which creates the sense of
security so you know not going flying
off and you were there for putting
comfortable now I find I keep on seeing
how this will actually work relative I
enjoy shoulders back if you can
is no activity walking beside Spain
contact without wow that is pretty very
freaky when you look at the balcony
oh my god
oh my god is actually really cool and I
thought if you forget your honor slimes
play it kind of just and you all just
want full speakers around you loudly I
try to reach out to stop myself hitting
something I think this is fellow I just
want to put my head up so we used to
that but it wasn't that way do you
notice how little you have to move your
feet to get sensation you really walk
yeah yeah interconnect at the moment
tracking just a beat and hands of skater
using the collective electric chair
that's all and so theory you can track
no one follow-up no I suppose it
naturally if you try and bunt yourself
it comes in so I
straight on the neighbor sing about no
messing around at all these people
what skateboard it's not enough just to
be sleeping spit